#Detection of Fake Faces through Deep Neural Networks

## Description
This project aims to develop a deep learning model to detect fake faces generated by AI-based image synthesis techniques, such as Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) or Deepfakes. The proliferation of fake images and videos has raised concerns about misinformation and privacy violations. By leveraging deep neural networks, we aim to identify and flag fake faces, thereby aiding in the fight against deceptive media content.

##Usage
1. To get the our website link run the following command in command prompt
$python app.py

Note:
Make sure that you opend the command prompt inside the project folder

2. Then ctrl click on the link to open the website in your browser

3. Then create account using your email. phone number and create a stong password

4. Login using your email and password

5. Then you will find out two options one is "Deepfake Creation" and "Deepfake Detection" follow which one you want.

## Model
Our fake face detection model is built using deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) trained on a dataset of real and synthetic faces. We utilize state-of-the-art techniques for image classification

## Credits
This project was developed by Mr.NAHUSH K S, Mr.MALLIKARJUNA G and Mr.NADIG GANESH under the guidence of Prof. DEEPA P. We would like to thank the creators of the datasets and libraries used in this project for their valuable contributions.

## Contact
For questions or feedback regarding this project, please contact Mr. Nahush K S at nahush6091@gmail@com.
